Add remote storage doc (#85)
aicoe-aiops/data-science-workflows: docs/remote-storage.md

# Remote Data Storage

One of the key elements for any successful data science project is the DATA! But how can we manage our data in a way that makes it easy to share, track and support reproducibility among teams and between experiments? Also, how can we do all this while avoiding using git as our data store?

> We use the S3 compatible remote storage provided by the Operate First cluster. Its easy to request a bucket for your own or your team, just fill out out and submit this [issue](https://github.com/operate-first/support/issues/new?assignees=first-operator&labels=kind%2Fonboarding%2Carea%2Fbucket&template=ceph_bucket_request.yaml&title=BUCKET%3A+%3Cname%3E) on the operate-first/support repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the S3 compatible remote storage provided by the Operate First cluster. Its easy to request a bucket for your own or your team, just fill out and submit this [issue](https://github.com/operate-first/support/issues/new?assignees=first-operator&labels=kind%2Fonboarding%2Carea%2Fbucket&template=ceph_bucket_request.yaml&title=BUCKET%3A+%3Cname%3E) on the operate-first/support repo.
```

> Once the issues is closed, the bucket is created and you have your bucket credentials, review [this notebooks](/notebooks/EDA/interacting_with_ceph.ipynb) for an example for how to interact with your data in a Jupyter Notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the issue is closed, the bucket is created and you have your bucket credentials, review [this notebook](/notebooks/EDA/interacting_with_ceph.ipynb) for an example on how to interact with your data stored in an S3 storage from a Jupyter Notebook.
```
